chore: change PR template to improve DX (#798)
ZupIT/beagle: doc/contributing/pull_requests.md

  When updating non-dev dependencies, mark your changes with the `fix:` type.
- **docs:** documentation-only changes.
- **style:** changes that do not affect the meaning of the code
(whitespace, formatting, missing semicolons, etc). _Not_ to be used for CSS changes as those are
meaningful changes, consider using `feat:` of `fix:` instead.
- **refactor:** a code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature.
- **perf:** a code change that improves performance.
- **test:** adding missing tests or correcting existing tests.
- **build:** changes that affect the build system (changing webpack or Rollup config for example).
- **ci:** changes to our CI configuration files and scripts
  (changing `Fastlane`, adding or changing Danger plugins, etc.).
- **chore:** other changes that don't modify source or test files. Use this type when adding or
  updating dev dependencies.
- **revert:** reverts a previous commit.

> **Note:**
> If you're introducing a breaking change, the message body should start with [`BREAKING CHANGE:`](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#commit-message-with-description-and-breaking-change-footer)

### Following changes

> After we analyse your contibution, it may appear some questions and suggestions, make sure to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After we analyse your contibution, we may comment some questions and suggestions, make sure to:
```
